#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE - Sweet Crazy Love"
(Group photoshoot!)
JinSoul: We finished the photo shooting portion at here~
Choeery: Finished!
JinSoul: Now we will prepare for the next photo shooting!
Kim Lip: See you soon!
(They're ready to to go to the next shooting site!)
Choerry: We are here to fix our make up~
Choerry: Let me tell you where I fixed~
(Choerry explaining every single point of fixed make up...)
Choerry: They changed my lip color to something deep color~
JinSoul: Talk in a fun way, Choerry!
Choerry: JinSoul, Do it for me in a fun way!
JinSoul: We are... changed our outfit...
(Fail to talk in a fun way!)
Kim Lip: No fun.
JinSoul: Where is mullae-dong? Is it close to Hongdae?
(They don't know the streets of Seoul...)
Choerry: Hongdae?
JinSoul: It's in Hongdae, right?
*Mullae-dong is little far from Hongdae
Kim Lip: Is it not?
(Actually they didn't know the world too...
Because they were singing New York before move to LA...)
Kim Lip: Well, should we head over to Mullae-dong?